Could you write Streaming Spark applications without using JSON?
Do you need to use joints?
In this lesson we will discuss the details of when and why we would use both.
In the previous lesson,
you learned how to write a basic streaming application.
In this lesson, you will learn how to read streaming JSON messages.
Streaming messages usually are JSON formatted.
If you're using a version before Spark 3.0,
JSON field inference is not available.
In this lesson, you will learn how to create a JSON schema based on an expected format.
You will learn how to explicitly parse JSON into independent fields,
in a temporary view.
Joints allow you to merge data from separate data frames into a single data frame,
just like you would in a sequel join.
JSON has become the de facto standard for data exchange.
You will work extensively with JSON throughout the rest of the course.
We will explore multiple JSON payload streaming from Kafka.
Providing streaming data to others is best done through JSON format.
JSON or JavaScript Object Notation,
was originally created to serialize objects in JavaScript.
JSON is a data serialization standard consisting of keys and values.
In this example, we have two keys, first name,
and last name, as well as two values, Sally and Smith.